Update README.md (#496)
tokio-rs/tracing: README.md

structured, event-based diagnostic information. `tracing` is maintained by the
Tokio project, but does _not_ require the `tokio` runtime to be used.

## Usage

### In libraries

Libraries should only rely on the `tracing` crate and use the provided macros
and types to collect whatever information might be useful to downstream consumers.

```toml
[dependencies]
tracing = "0.1"
```

```rust
use tracing::{debug, error, info, span, trace, warn, Level};

use std::{error::Error, fmt};

#[tracing::instrument]
pub fn shave(yak: usize) -> Result<(), Box<dyn Error + 'static>> {
    debug!(
        message = "hello! I'm gonna shave a yak.",
        excitement = "yay!"

>     );

Reviewer: why not use the less verbose syntax for messages:
```rust
debug!(excitement = "yay!", "hello! I'm gonna shave a yak.");
```

    if yak == 3 {
        warn!(target: "yak_events", "could not locate yak!");
        return Err(ShaveError::new(yak, YakError::new("could not locate yak")).into());
    } else {
        trace!(target: "yak_events", "yak shaved successfully");
    }
    Ok(())
}

pub fn shave_all(yaks: usize) -> usize {

>     let span = span!(Level::TRACE, "shaving_yaks", yaks_to_shave = yaks);

Reviewer: TIOLI: maybe use local variable shorthand for the field?
```suggestion
    let span = span!(Level::TRACE, "shaving_yaks", yaks);
```

    let _enter = span.enter();

    info!("shaving yaks");

    let mut num_shaved = 0;
    for yak in 1..=yaks {
        let res = shave(yak);
        trace!(target: "yak_events", yak, shaved = res.is_ok());

        if let Err(ref error) = res {
            error!(
                message = "failed to shave yak!",
                yak,
                error = error.as_ref()

>             );

Reviewer: maybe use the nicer message syntax, as in:
```rust
error!(yak, error = error.as_ref(), "failed to shave yak!");
```

        } else {
            num_shaved += 1;
        }

>         trace!(target: "yak_events", yaks_shaved = num_shaved);

Reviewer: Similarly, maybe use local var shorthand
```suggestion
        trace!(target: "yak_events", yaks_shaved);
```
and rename the `num_shaved` variable

    }

    num_shaved
}
```

### In applications

In order to produce output, applications need a concrete subscriber implementation. 
[`tracing_subscriber`](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/) is a reasonable default.
By default, `tracing-subscriber` is able to consume messages emitted by
`log`-instrumented libraries and modules.

```toml
[dependencies]
tracing = "0.1"
tracing-subscriber = "0.2.0-alpha.2"
```

```rust
use tracing::debug;
use tracing_subscriber;
use yak_shave;

fn main() {

>     tracing_subscriber::fmt::init();

Reviewer: Can we also show an example of setting a builder param, like
```rust
tracing_subscriber::fmt::Builder::new()
    .with_targets(false)
    .init();
```

    let number_of_yaks = 3;
    debug!("preparing to shave {} yaks", number_of_yaks);

    let number_shaved = yak_shave::shave_all(number_of_yaks);

    debug!(
        message = "yak shaving completed.",
        all_yaks_shaved = number_shaved == number_of_yaks,
    );
}
```

> Note that if you are instrumenting libraries or applications that make use of [`std::future::Future`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/future/trait.Future.html) or async/await, be sure to use the [`tracing-futures`](https://docs.rs/tracing-futures) crate.

Reviewer: This is a little unhelpful, IMHO. Maybe instead of "be sure to use", we should actually explain _how_ to use it...

Author: Good point. I didn't get at this one sorted yet, but I'd like to have a "usage notes" section under the "in libraries" and "in applications" section, and this + an example will start that off. I'll update this PR to include that.

Author: added a usage notes + async code example.

    debug!(excitement = "yay!", "hello! I'm gonna shave a yak.");
    if yak == 3 {
        warn!("could not locate yak!");
        return Err(ShaveError::new(yak).into());
    } else {
        debug!("yak shaved successfully");
    }
    Ok(())
}

pub fn shave_all(yaks: usize) -> usize {
    let span = span!(Level::TRACE, "shaving_yaks", yaks);
    let _enter = span.enter();

    info!("shaving yaks");

    let mut yaks_shaved = 0;
    for yak in 1..=yaks {
        let res = shave(yak);
        debug!(yak, shaved = res.is_ok());

        if let Err(ref error) = res {
            error!(yak, error = error.as_ref(), "failed to shave yak!");
        } else {
            yaks_shaved += 1;
        }
        debug!(yaks_shaved);
    }

    yaks_shaved
}

#[derive(Debug)]
enum ShaveError {
    MissingYak { yak: usize },
}

impl fmt::Display for ShaveError {
    fn fmt(&self, f: &mut fmt::Formatter<'_>) -> fmt::Result {
        match self {
            ShaveError::MissingYak { yak } => write!(f, "shaving yak #{} failed!", yak),
        }
    }
}

impl Error for ShaveError {}

impl ShaveError {
    fn new(yak: usize) -> Self {
        ShaveError::MissingYak { yak }
    }

> }

Author: Up to you: we can replace this with https://github.com/dtolnay/thiserror or Snafu to reduce the emphasis on the error boilerplate.

Reviewer: I'm a little iffy about showing the use of other crates in the basic/getting started examples — I don't want to create false impressions that those crates are required, or that tracing has specific integrations with them. 

What do you think about just getting rid of the custom error type in the example, and replacing it with something from `std`...perhaps `io::Error`?
```rust
io::Error::new(io::ErrorKind::Other, "shaving yak failed!")
```

Author: I think the custom error type with `io::ErrorKind::Other` is good.

structured, event-based diagnostic information. `tracing` is maintained by the
Tokio project, but does _not_ require the `tokio` runtime to be used.

## Usage

### In libraries

Libraries should only rely on the `tracing` crate and use the provided macros
and types to collect whatever information might be useful to downstream consumers.

```toml
[dependencies]
tracing = "0.1"
```

```rust
use std::{error::Error, io};
use tracing::{debug, error, info, span, warn, Level, instrument};

> #[instrument]

Reviewer: maybe a brief comment explaining what this does?

pub fn shave(yak: usize) -> Result<(), Box<dyn Error + 'static>> {

>     debug!(excitement = "yay!", "hello! I'm gonna shave a yak.");

Reviewer: it would be nice to at least briefly mention that `excitement = "yay"` is a structured key-value field with name "excitement" and value "yay", and that "hello i'm gonna shave a yak" is a human-readable `format_args!` message?

    if yak == 3 {
        warn!("could not locate yak!");
        // note that this is intended to demonstrate `tracing`'s features, not idiomatic
        // error handling! in a library or application, you should consider returning
        // a dedicated `YakError`. libraries like snafu or thiserror make this easy.
        return Err(io::Error::new(io::ErrorKind::Other, "shaving yak failed!").into());
    } else {
        debug!("yak shaved successfully");
    }
    Ok(())
}

pub fn shave_all(yaks: usize) -> usize {

>     let span = span!(Level::TRACE, "shaving_yaks", yaks);

Reviewer: maybe a very brief comment on `span!` syntax here?

    let _enter = span.enter();

    info!("shaving yaks");

    let mut yaks_shaved = 0;
    for yak in 1..=yaks {
        let res = shave(yak);
        debug!(yak, shaved = res.is_ok());

        if let Err(ref error) = res {

>             error!(yak, error = error.as_ref(), "failed to shave yak!");

Reviewer: maybe a comment explaining the local variable field syntax here?

        } else {
            yaks_shaved += 1;
        }
        debug!(yaks_shaved);
    }

    yaks_shaved

> }

Reviewer: nit/not a blocker: should there be inline comments explaining what this code does?

> ```

Reviewer: maybe these general use examples of instrumenting code with tracing should go in `## Usage` rather than `### In Libraries`, and that section could just contain the "Libraries shouldn't create subscribers" paragraph?

Author: Yes, I think that's a good idea.

### In applications

In order to produce output, applications need a concrete subscriber implementation. 

> [`tracing_subscriber`](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/) is a reasonable default.

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
[`tracing_subscriber`](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/)'s [`fmt` module](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/0.2.0-alpha.2/tracing_subscriber/fmt/index.html) provides reasonable defaults.
```

By default, `tracing-subscriber` is able to consume messages emitted by
`log`-instrumented libraries and modules.

```toml
[dependencies]
tracing = "0.1"
tracing-subscriber = "0.2.0-alpha.2"
```

```rust
use tracing::{info, Level};
use tracing_subscriber;
mod yak_shave;

fn main() {
    tracing_subscriber::fmt::Subscriber::builder()
        // all spans/events with a level higher than `DEBUG` (e.g, info, warn, etc.)
        // will be written to stdout.
        .with_max_level(Level::DEBUG)
        // sets this to be the default, global subscriber for this application.
        .init();

    let number_of_yaks = 3;
    info!(number_of_yaks, "preparing to shave yaks");

    let number_shaved = yak_shave::shave_all(number_of_yaks);
    info!(
        all_yaks_shaved = number_shaved == number_of_yaks,
        "yak shaving completed."
    );
}
```

### Additional Notes

> #### Usage in Asynchronous Code

Reviewer: Not sure if we really need two section headings...how about just 
```markdown
## Usage

### In Applications

...

### In Libraries

...

### In Asynchronous Code

...

```

Author: "In Applications" and "In Libraries" feel like a binary, and asynchronous code is not a fit. That being said, I think this is okay—switching to that.

If you are instrumenting libraries or applications that make use of [`std::future::Future`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/future/trait.Future.html) or async/await, be sure to use the [`tracing-futures`](https://docs.rs/tracing-futures) crate. There are two ways to instrument asynchronous code. The first is through the [`#[instrument]`](https://docs.rs/tracing/0.1.11/tracing/attr.instrument.html) attribute:

```rust
use tracing::{info, instrument};
use tokio::{io::AsyncWriteExt, net::TcpStream};
use std::io;

#[instrument]
async fn write(stream: &mut TcpStream) -> io::Result<usize> {
    let result = stream.write(b"hello world\n").await;
    info!("wrote to stream; success={:?}", result.is_ok());
    result
}
```

> The second is through the [`.instrument`](https://docs.rs/tracing-futures/0.2.0/tracing_futures/trait.Instrument.html#method.instrument) combinator:

Reviewer: Nit/TIOLI: I might say
```suggestion
The second is through the [`Future::instrument`](https://docs.rs/tracing-futures/0.2.0/tracing_futures/trait.Instrument.html#method.instrument) combinator:
```

```rust
use tracing_futures::Instrument;

let my_future = async {
    // ...
};

my_future
    .instrument(tracing::info_span!("my_future"))
    .await

> ```

Reviewer: Can we have a very brief explanation of what these examples do and why you shouldn't just write
```rust
async {
    let _s = span.enter();
    // ...
}
```

Since this is a common source of confusion block for new users, I'd really like to make sure folks understand this.

structured, event-based diagnostic information. `tracing` is maintained by the
Tokio project, but does _not_ require the `tokio` runtime to be used.

## Usage

(The below example is borrowed from the `log` crate's yak-shaving
[example](https://docs.rs/log/0.4.10/log/index.html#examples), modified to
idiomatic `tracing`)

In `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
tracing = "0.1"
tracing-subscriber = "0.2.0-alpha.2"
```

In `src/main.rs`:

```rust
mod yak_shave;

use std::{error::Error, io};
use tracing::{debug, error, info, span, warn, Level};
use tracing_subscriber::FmtSubscriber;
use yak_shave;

> fn main() {

Reviewer: maybe the main function _should_ go in the "usage in apps" section? idk.

Author: I _did_ opt for moving this for "usage in apps". I figure we can update this again if it's a bit confusing.

    // a builder for `FmtSubscriber`.
    let subscriber = FmtSubscriber::builder()
        // all spans/events with a level higher than DEBUG (e.g, info, warn, etc.)
        // will be written to stdout.
        .with_max_level(Level::DEBUG)
        // completes the builder.
        .finish();

    tracing::subscriber::set_global_default(subscriber)
        .expect("setting defualt subscriber failed");

    let number_of_yaks = 3;
    // this creates a new event, outside of any spans.
    info!(number_of_yaks, "preparing to shave yaks");

    let number_shaved = yak_shave::shave_all(number_of_yaks);
    info!(
        all_yaks_shaved = number_shaved == number_of_yaks,
        "yak shaving completed."
    );
}
```

> In `src/yak_shave.rs`:

Reviewer: TIOLI: I don't know if it's really necessary to show multiple files in the example...I split the `examples/` dir version just so that some of the code could be used in multiple examples...

Author: yeah, removed that stuff.

```rust
use std::{error::Error, io};
use tracing::{debug, error, info, span, warn, Level};

// the `#[tracing::instrument]` attribute creates a span with the name "shave"

> // and a field (a key/value pair) whose key is "yak" and the value is the value of `yak`.

Reviewer: it creates _and enters_ a span every time the instrumented function is called...and i might just say that all the function's parameters are included as fields, rather than saying "a field whose key is "yak" and the value is the value of "yak""...

Author: done.

#[tracing::instrument]
pub fn shave(yak: usize) -> Result<(), Box<dyn Error + 'static>> {

>     // this creates an event at the DEBUG log level with two fields:

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
    // this creates an event at the DEBUG level with two fields:
```

    // - `excitement`, with the key "excitement" and the value "yay!"
    // - `message`, with the key "message" and the value "hello! I'm gonna shave a yak."
    //
    // unlike other fields, `message`'s shorthand initialization is just the string itself.
    debug!(excitement = "yay!", "hello! I'm gonna shave a yak.");
    if yak == 3 {
        warn!("could not locate yak!");
        // note that this is intended to demonstrate `tracing`'s features, not idiomatic
        // error handling! in a library or application, you should consider returning
        // a dedicated `YakError`. libraries like snafu or thiserror make this easy.
        return Err(io::Error::new(io::ErrorKind::Other, "shaving yak failed!").into());
    } else {
        debug!("yak shaved successfully");
    }
    Ok(())
}

pub fn shave_all(yaks: usize) -> usize {

>     // Constructs a new span named "my shaving_yaks" with trace log level,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Constructs a new span named "shaving_yaks" with trace log level,
```

Reviewer: also, I would prefer 
```suggestion
    // Constructs a new span named "my shaving_yaks" at the TRACE level,
```
